# Java and Python

My preference is to work mainly with Python in JupyterLab plus PyCharm if needed.

For Windows I assume just download Eclipse directly after first installing Windows JDK for specific version of Windows directly:



Am completely unfamiliar with Java and confused by release, maintenance and support issues.

Worth studying later. Perhaps useful for modernizing understanding of "instruments of production" and "commodities".

Products are now "deliverables" with support life cycles and end of life. This clarifies depreciation of "fixed capital" based on maintenance and replacement costs.

Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment has far greater dynamism than technological obsolescence previously.

Cannot sort it out now.

But will need Eclipse for modeling with animation of simulation models and so must install a JRE which should in fact be a JDK.

Presumably could just use J9 from IBM/Eclipse.

But presumably latest OpenJDK 11 will be backward compatible and last longer.

Best advice seems to be use OS distribution.

Am also confused by Fedora 29 which seems to be still at J8.

Can install multiple versions and swith using "alternative" depending on what application needs. (Some may explicitly request Oracle).

CENTOS gets the support updates from Red Hats quickly. Repository currently has c7/java-11-openjdk-11.0.1.13-3.el7_6:
https://git.centos.org/summary/?r=rpms/java-11-openjdk.git

Also has lots of eclipse46

Eclipse is currently at 4.10 (19 days ago)

Initial plan.

Separately figure out choice between Fedora 29 and CENTOS.

Check latest release of OpenJDK source from:

http://jdk.java.net/11/

Either way try to add latest OpenJDK binaries either from Oracle or from OS repository and use command "alternatives" to choose when applications require different versions.

https://computingforgeeks.com/how-to-install-java-11-on-centos-7-fedora-29-fedora-28/

Seems to be same procedure whether CENTOS or Fedora 29. But if OS repo up to date seems a better idea to use it. 

If either Fedora 29 or CENTOS repo has later updates probably safe to use that on either?

Perhaps the "immutable" Atomic stuff I am confused about in Fedora 29 is related to these sorts of quandries. 

Just swap stuff like this around for applications until some combination works without touching underlying OS updates?
